Well, now your strength is nothing to fear
Less qualified
Die by my sword
You don't kill me
I'll let you go today
If you dare to be a non-author in the future, I will
Thank you thank you Tianjun
I will make amends
No longer a disaster
After today
I will help you build the Temple of Heavenly Monarch
I will be by your side from now on
Driven by Shenping
Feed three eyes
Now there's three of us standing here.
Who do you want to marry?
Miss, the dust has just settled.
Don't put too much pressure on him
Well, I'm afraid so.
Really gave him a problem
Two sisters, one is the peak mother
One is Extreme Lingyun Asking Beauty
Will never lose to me this unparalleled beauty
I'm afraid he really doesn't know how to choose
Now I finally feel
What do you mean a hero is sad and the beauty is closed?